This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Foxy Music (“Application”) for mobile devices. Foxy Music is a mobile music application that allows users to listen music for consumption on the mobile device.

User Provided Information

The Application obtains the information which provides VK social network.

Login via VK mandatory in order to be able to use the basic features of the Application.

When you login with us using your VK credentials and use the Application, VK social network generally provide your full name, user_id and your social network friends.

Automatically Collected Information. 
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically,
including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile
devices unique device ID your mobile operating system and information about the way you use the Application. 

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application? 
Yes. We will share your VK unique id with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

Automatic Data Collection and Advertising.
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and
duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising
networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the
Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application free.
Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by
the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of
your mobile device.

What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application
easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall
processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile
application marketplace or network.

Changes.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will
notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy
Policy here and informing you notification. You are advised to
consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is
deemed approval of all changes.

Your Consent.
By using the Application,
you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this
Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. \"Processing,\" means using cookies on
a hand held device or using or touching information in any way,
including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining
and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the
United States.

Contact us.
If you have any questions regarding privacy
while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please
contact us via email at foxyinfo7@gmail.com.

